Product Backlog
	
Col 1: User Stories  																										Col 2: Time Estimate (hrs or days) to complete the user story

1. As a user, I can input characters into the shell so that I can interact with the shell. 									* 2 days

2. As a user, I can exit the shell by calling exit command so that exiting the shell is simple. 							* 1 hrs

3. As a user, I can be notified that i've enteried a invalid command so that i can fix my mistake.							* 2 hrs

4. As a user, I can be notified that i've enteried a invalid parameter so that i can fix my mistake.						* 2 hrs

5. As a user, I can view shell feedback so that I can understand my interactions with the shell. 							* 1 hrs

6. As a user, I can create a new directory relative to the current working directory by 									* 2 days
calling mkdir command with no path, so that i can create new directory without specifying a full path. 

7. As a user, I can create a new directory by calling mkdir command with a full path specified, 							* 1 hrs 
so that i can create directory in any existing location.	

8. As a user, I can change my current working directory by writing a relative path, so that I can 							* 1 hrs
move to other directories.	

9. As a user, I can change my current working directory by writing out a full path, so that I can move 						* 1 day
to other directories regardless of my current working directories.	

10. As a user, I can print out the contents of current working directory so that I know what 								* 1 day
files/folders are under current working directory.

11. As a user, I can print out the contents of any directory so that I know what files/folders 								* 1 day
are under any working directories.

12. As a user, I can print out the complete path of my current working directory so that I know 							* 1 hrs
where my current working directory is in the directory tree. 

13. As a user, I can save the current working directory so that I can have easy access to the directory. 					* 2 day

14. As a user, I can move into the saved directories and remove them.														* 5 hrs

15. As a user, I can print out the history of all my inputs regardless if it's invalid or not, so that I can recall			* 1 hrs
 what I have done.

16. As a user, I can print out the contents of mutiple files at once and be able to differentiate them, so that I know 		* 2 days
what is under each file. 

17. As a user, I can print any string onto the shell so that I can output whatever I type.  								* 1 day

18. As a user, I can create a new text file containing any string I input, so that I can have the ability to 				* 1 day
store my string inputs.

19. As a user, I can erase the contents of text files, so that I can write something else in the txt file. 					* 1 day

20. As a user, I can overwrite the contents of any text file with any string I input, so that I have the 					* 1 day
ability to overwrite the txt file.

21. As a user, I can write at the end of any existing txt file, so that I can be able to edit text file without 			* 1 day
deleteing everything before. 

22. As a user, I can print the documentation of all commands by calling the man command so that I can 						* 3 hrs
understand how to properly interact with the shell	
